# MDN Boilerplates

*If an API isn't documented, it doesn't exist.*

This repo contains boilerplates for web platform APIs that are not currently documented on MDN. This simplifies the process of contributing to MDN by:

* limiting the number of MDN writing requirements you need to learn
* letting you focus on what you know best: the content you're contributing.

*Currently, there is an extensive backlog of undocumented features on MDN. Please help even if you only have time to contribute one extra page. Every little bit helps.*

## Getting Started

**Prerequisite:** Fork and clone the [MDN Content repo](https://github.com/mdn/content). This is where your boilerplates will be submitted.

1. Check the [existing Intents to Document](https://github.com/jpmedley/mdn-boilerplates/labels/Intent%20to%20Document) to see if anyone else is working on items that you want to document.
1. Open an [Intent to Document](https://github.com/jpmedley/mdn-boilerplates/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=intent-to-document.md&title=%5BIntent+to+Document%5D+Description+to+Cover+Work+or+a+Spec+Name) to let other know what you want to work on. This helps avoid duplication of effort.
1. Download the folder containing the interface or interface members you want to document and place them in the `api/` folder of your MDN Content repo. This folder is at *repoLocation/*`files/en-us/web/api/`.

1. Submit a pull request to the MDN content repo. MDN personelle or a volunteer will review your submission for typos and conformance with standards. You may be asked to make changes.

**Note:** You may request a review by me (Joe Medley). My GitHub ID is jpmedley.

## Simplified Process

I don't want perfect to be the enemy of good. If you're dealing with a large API, you may not have time to document all of its members in separate pages as required by MDN. (See *[The Structure of MDN API Reference](#the-structure-of-mdn-api-reference)*, below.) Alternatively, you can just complete the interface pages (`interfaceone`, `interfacetwo` in the example structure), and send them to me for completion at jmedley@google.com.

## Report a Missing API

If you discover that an item is missing from this repo, please [open a ticket](https://github.com/jpmedley/mdn-boilerplates/issues/new?assignees=jpmedley&labels=&template=report-missing-items.md&title=%5BMissing+APIs%5D+Provide+a+title+that+describes+what%27s+missing) to let me know. 

The contents of this repo are autogenerated and a missing item may indicate a bug in my automation.

## The Structure of MDN API Reference

API documentation on MDN follows a consistent structure. 

```
files/en-us/web/api/
  feature_name_api/index.md  
  interfaceone/index.md
    interfaceone/index.md
    dostuff/index.md
    isstuffsone/index.md
  interfacetwo/index.md
    dostuff/index.md
    isstuffdone/index.md
```
    
There are a few things to note about this structure:
    
**`feature_name_api/`:** An overview page for a group of related interfaces and accessors. This typically corresponds to a single spec, though it may be broader in some cases. *Note:* creation of these pages is not currently automated. [Service Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API) provides a good example this type of page.

**`interfaceone/`, `interfacetwo/`:** Each interface gets it's own overview page.

**`interfaceone/interfaceone/index.md`:** This is for a constructor.

**`dostuff/`, `isstuffdone`:** Each member of an interface gets its own page.
